---
layout: post
title: "Jada Williams Computer Science Reflection"
date: 2018-11-02
---

What is a contract? Well let me tell you, a contract is a general statement on what a function/code may do. But on the other hand a definition tells you what the function specifically is going to do what is involved in the function and lastly what is going to be produce as a result. On Monday's class we started the topic and idea of Test cases, but before we fully understood what test cases were we separated it into eractive systems, data science, and internet. With this information we were able to break down each group/example and put it under specific catogeries that fit there discruption. On Tuesday we learned how to make basic contracts a definitions for code. For example the function double takes in a number then produces a number twice the orginal amount  ```double(x): 2 * (x)```. That would be the function but the contract is ```double :: (x :: Number) -> Number```. Towards the end of the week we went over yet again what contracts, functions, and definitions were to make sure our understanding was correct. Some challenges I faced this week was getting the contract to not have a syntax. This was hard for me because I didn't realize I had been missing something till the end of the period, but once I made the correction the code was able to run properly without any errors and create the proper definition for the computer to follow making each statement true or false when entering in a piece of code to "Pyret". Overall I enjoyed the lesson and benefited from learning how to create contracts and definitions.
